PETs-Applications FL (#18)
moda-gov-tw/PETs-Applications: federated_learning/financial_fraud_detection/README.md

## Quick Start

> #### Environment requirement
> 
> OS version: Ubuntu 20.04
> 
> Python version: Python 3.8+.
> 
> 

Reviewer: Because we can't ensure the application always works with new versions of Python, can you provide a specific environment? Also, it should include the specs of CPU and system memory. Thank you.

For example,
```suggestion
This application has been tested using Python 3.8 on Ubuntu 20.04 with <CPU Spec> and <XX> GB memory.
```

Author: I have made some modifications.

## Quick Start

#### Environment requirement

OS version: MacOS Sonoma 14.1.1

Python version: Python 3.8

> 

Reviewer: Please remove this line as it duplicates line 57.

Author: done

nvflare simulator jobs/creditcard_5_bagging_IID_split_uniform_lr -w ${PWD}/workspaces/xgboost_workspace_5_bagging_exponential_split_scaled_lr -n 5 -t 5
```

> You will see the execution as shown in the picture

Reviewer: Please add a period in the end of the sentence.

Author: Done.

![execution](./figures/execution.png)

> Each Client loads the global model and does the local training, gets the train-auc and valid-auc.
> After the federated learning phase, the server will store the global model.
> ![execution](./figures/store_model.png)

Reviewer: I tried to adjust the sentences to make it flows better. Can you confirm the sentence is correct? Thanks.

```suggestion

Each client loads the global model and starts local training. The application will periodically print the train-auc (AUC calculated from the training dataset) and valid-auc (AUC calculated from the validation dataset).

After the federated learning phase finishes, the server will store the global model.

![execution](./figures/store_model.png)
```

Author: Thanks a lot, This version is more fluent.

#### Step 4. Prediction by the global model

> This is a simple example that utilizes a specific piece of data from the dataset to confirm that the prediction result is consistent with the ground truth. Additionally, you have the flexibility to independently modify the input for predictions.

Reviewer: I don't understand what "independently modify" means. Can you provide more detailed or an example?

Author: This tells users that they can modify the prediction data and input them into the global model according to their own needs.

nvflare simulator jobs/creditcard_5_bagging_IID_split_uniform_lr -w ${PWD}/workspaces/xgboost_workspace_5_bagging_exponential_split_scaled_lr -n 5 -t 5
```

You will see the execution as shown in the picture.
![execution](./figures/execution.png)

Each client loads the global model and starts local training. The application will periodically print the train-auc (AUC calculated from the training dataset) and valid-auc (AUC calculated from the validation dataset).
After the federated learning phase finishes, the server will store the global model.
![execution](./figures/store_model.png)

#### Step 4. Prediction by the global model

> This is a simple example that utilizes a specific piece of data from the dataset to confirm that the prediction result is consistent with the ground truth. Additionally, you have the flexibility to modify the prediction inputs yourself based on your needs.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the means of "prediction inputs."
Is the last sentence means that users can change the "specific piece of data" mentioned in the first sentence to suit their needs?

Author: Yes, as I use the specific piece of data to do this prediction example. The users can modify based on their needs.

![execution](./figures/GM_predict.png)

```

> python GM_predict.py

Reviewer: To ensure the user moves to the correct directory, I suggest adding `cd ..` before this command.

Author: done
